README.md, before:

# laravel-backblaze-b2

[![Author](http://img.shields.io/badge/author-@mhetreramesh-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/mhetreramesh)
[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2)
[![Software License][ico-license]](LICENSE.md)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2)
[![Coverage Status][ico-scrutinizer]][link-scrutinizer]
[![Quality Score][ico-code-quality]][link-code-quality]
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2)

Visit (https://secure.backblaze.com/b2_buckets.htm) and get your account id, application key.

The Laravel Backblaze B2 Storage Service Provider give provision for for laravel storage to use blackblaze as their storage system. It uses the [Backblaze B2 SDK](https://github.com/gliterd/backblaze-b2) & [Flysystem Adapter](https://github.com/gliterd/flysystem-backblaze) to communicate with the Backblaze b2 API.

## Install

Via Composer

``` bash
composer require gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2
```
In your app.php config file add to the list of service providers:

``` php
\Gliterd\BackblazeB2\BackblazeB2ServiceProvider::class,
```
Add the following to your filesystems.php config file in the disks section:
``` php
'b2' => [
    'driver'         => 'b2',
    'accountId'      => '',
    'applicationKey' => '',
    'bucketName'     => '',
],
```
## *ApplicationKey is not supported yet, please use MasterKey only*

## Usage

Just use it as you normally would use the Storage facade.

``` php
\Storage::disk('b2')->put('filename.txt', 'My important content');
```
and
``` php
\Storage::disk('b2')->get('filename.txt')
```

## Change log

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information what has changed recently.

## Testing

``` bash
$ composer test
```

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [CONDUCT](CONDUCT.md) for details.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email mhetreramesh@gmail.com instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Ramesh Mhetre][link-author]
- [All Contributors][link-contributors]

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

[ico-version]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-license]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-travis]: https://img.shields.io/travis/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2/master.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-scrutinizer]: https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/coverage/g/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-code-quality]: https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square

[link-packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2
[link-travis]: https://travis-ci.org/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2
[link-scrutinizer]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2/code-structure
[link-code-quality]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2
[link-downloads]: https://packagist.org/packages/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2
[link-author]: https://github.com/mhetreramesh
[link-contributors]: ../../contributors

Commit message:

Configure adapter with both bucket id and name if specified

README.md, after:

# laravel-backblaze-b2

[![Author](http://img.shields.io/badge/author-@mhetreramesh-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/mhetreramesh)
[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2)
[![Software License][ico-license]](LICENSE.md)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2)
[![Coverage Status][ico-scrutinizer]][link-scrutinizer]
[![Quality Score][ico-code-quality]][link-code-quality]
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2)

Visit (https://secure.backblaze.com/b2_buckets.htm) and get your account id, application key.

The Laravel Backblaze B2 Storage Service Provider give provision for for laravel storage to use blackblaze as their storage system. It uses the [Backblaze B2 SDK](https://github.com/gliterd/backblaze-b2) & [Flysystem Adapter](https://github.com/gliterd/flysystem-backblaze) to communicate with the Backblaze b2 API.

## Install

Via Composer

``` bash
composer require gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2
```
In your app.php config file add to the list of service providers:

``` php
\Gliterd\BackblazeB2\BackblazeB2ServiceProvider::class,
```
Add the following to your filesystems.php config file in the disks section:
``` php
'b2' => [
    'driver'         => 'b2',
    'accountId'      => '',
    'applicationKey' => '',
    'bucketName'     => '',
    'bucketId'       => '', //optional
],
```
## Using ApplicationKey instead of MasterKey
If you specify only the bucket name, your application key must be the master key.
However, if you specify both bucket name and bucket id, you do not need the master key and can use a single-bucket key.
Fetch your bucket id using the [b2 command line tool](https://www.backblaze.com/b2/docs/quick_command_line.html) `b2 get-bucket <bucketName>` 

## Usage

Just use it as you normally would use the Storage facade.

``` php
\Storage::disk('b2')->put('filename.txt', 'My important content');
```
and
``` php
\Storage::disk('b2')->get('filename.txt')
```

## Change log

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information what has changed recently.

## Testing

``` bash
$ composer test
```

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [CONDUCT](CONDUCT.md) for details.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email mhetreramesh@gmail.com instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Ramesh Mhetre][link-author]
- [All Contributors][link-contributors]

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

[ico-version]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-license]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-travis]: https://img.shields.io/travis/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2/master.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-scrutinizer]: https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/coverage/g/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-code-quality]: https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2.svg?style=flat-square

[link-packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2
[link-travis]: https://travis-ci.org/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2
[link-scrutinizer]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2/code-structure
[link-code-quality]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2
[link-downloads]: https://packagist.org/packages/gliterd/laravel-backblaze-b2
[link-author]: https://github.com/mhetreramesh
[link-contributors]: ../../contributors
